now the word of the Lord came to me
now the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man set your face against
saying son of man set your face against
saying son of man set your face against GOG of the land of Magog the prince of
GOG of the land of Magog the prince of
GOG of the land of Magog the prince of Rosh Meshach and tubal and prophesy
Rosh Meshach and tubal and prophesy
Rosh Meshach and tubal and prophesy against him and say thus says the Lord
against him and say thus says the Lord
against him and say thus says the Lord God behold I am against you O GOG the
God behold I am against you O GOG the
God behold I am against you O GOG the Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal I will
Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal I will
Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal I will turn you around put hooks into your jaws
turn you around put hooks into your jaws
turn you around put hooks into your jaws and lead you out with all your army
and lead you out with all your army
and lead you out with all your army horses and horsemen all splendidly
horses and horsemen all splendidly
horses and horsemen all splendidly clothed a great company with buckler's
clothed a great company with buckler's
clothed a great company with buckler's and shields all of them handling Psalms
and shields all of them handling Psalms
and shields all of them handling Psalms Persia Ethiopia and Libya are with them
Persia Ethiopia and Libya are with them
Persia Ethiopia and Libya are with them all of them with shield and helmet
all of them with shield and helmet
all of them with shield and helmet Goma and all its troops the house of
Goma and all its troops the house of
Goma and all its troops the house of Tagami from the far north and all its
Tagami from the far north and all its
Tagami from the far north and all its troops many people are with you prepare
troops many people are with you prepare
troops many people are with you prepare yourself and be ready you and all your
yourself and be ready you and all your
yourself and be ready you and all your companies that are gathered about you
companies that are gathered about you
companies that are gathered about you and be a guard for them after many days
and be a guard for them after many days
and be a guard for them after many days you will be visited in the latter years
you will be visited in the latter years
you will be visited in the latter years you will come into the land of those
you will come into the land of those
you will come into the land of those brought back from the sword and gathered
brought back from the sword and gathered
brought back from the sword and gathered from many people on the mountains of
from many people on the mountains of
from many people on the mountains of Israel which had long been desolate they
Israel which had long been desolate they
Israel which had long been desolate they were brought out of the nations and now
were brought out of the nations and now
were brought out of the nations and now all of them dwell safely
all of them dwell safely
all of them dwell safely you will ascend coming like a storm
you will ascend coming like a storm
you will ascend coming like a storm covering the land like a cloud you and
covering the land like a cloud you and
covering the land like a cloud you and all your troops and many people's with
all your troops and many people's with
all your troops and many people's with you on that day it shall come to pass
you on that day it shall come to pass
you on that day it shall come to pass that thoughts will arise in your mind
that thoughts will arise in your mind
that thoughts will arise in your mind and you will make an evil clan you will
and you will make an evil clan you will
and you will make an evil clan you will say I will go up against a land of
say I will go up against a land of
say I will go up against a land of unwalled villages I will go to a
unwalled villages I will go to a
unwalled villages I will go to a peaceful people who dwell safely all of
peaceful people who dwell safely all of
peaceful people who dwell safely all of them dwelling without walls and having
them dwelling without walls and having
them dwelling without walls and having neither bars nor gates to take plunder
neither bars nor gates to take plunder
neither bars nor gates to take plunder and to take booty to stretch out your
and to take booty to stretch out your
and to take booty to stretch out your hand against the waste places that are
hand against the waste places that are
hand against the waste places that are again inhabited and against a people
again inhabited and against a people
again inhabited and against a people gathered from the nations who have
gathered from the nations who have
gathered from the nations who have acquired livestock and goods who dwell
acquired livestock and goods who dwell
acquired livestock and goods who dwell in the midst of the land Sheba didn't
in the midst of the land Sheba didn't
in the midst of the land Sheba didn't the merchants of Tarshish and all their
the merchants of Tarshish and all their
the merchants of Tarshish and all their young lions will say to you have you
young lions will say to you have you
young lions will say to you have you come to take plunder have you gathered
come to take plunder have you gathered
come to take plunder have you gathered your army to take booty to carry away
your army to take booty to carry away
your army to take booty to carry away silver and gold to take away livestock
silver and gold to take away livestock
silver and gold to take away livestock and goods to take great plunder
and goods to take great plunder
and goods to take great plunder therefore son of man prophesy and say to
therefore son of man prophesy and say to
therefore son of man prophesy and say to GOG thus says the Lord God on that day
GOG thus says the Lord God on that day
GOG thus says the Lord God on that day when my people Israel dwelt safely will
when my people Israel dwelt safely will
when my people Israel dwelt safely will you not know it then you will come from
you not know it then you will come from
you not know it then you will come from your place out of the far north you and
your place out of the far north you and
your place out of the far north you and many people's with you all of them
many people's with you all of them
many people's with you all of them riding on horses
riding on horses
riding on horses a great company and a mighty army you
a great company and a mighty army you
a great company and a mighty army you will come up against my people Israel
will come up against my people Israel
will come up against my people Israel like a cloud to cover the land it will
like a cloud to cover the land it will
like a cloud to cover the land it will be in the latter days that I will bring
be in the latter days that I will bring
be in the latter days that I will bring you against my land so that the nations
you against my land so that the nations
you against my land so that the nations may know me when I am hallowed in you O
may know me when I am hallowed in you O
may know me when I am hallowed in you O GOG before their eyes thus says the Lord
GOG before their eyes thus says the Lord
GOG before their eyes thus says the Lord God are you he of whom I have spoken in
God are you he of whom I have spoken in
God are you he of whom I have spoken in former days by my servants the prophets
former days by my servants the prophets
former days by my servants the prophets of Israel who prophesied four years in
of Israel who prophesied four years in
of Israel who prophesied four years in those days that I would bring you
those days that I would bring you
those days that I would bring you against them and it will come to pass at
against them and it will come to pass at
against them and it will come to pass at the same time when gog comes against the
the same time when gog comes against the
the same time when gog comes against the land of Israel says the Lord God that my
land of Israel says the Lord God that my
land of Israel says the Lord God that my fury will show in my face for in my
fury will show in my face for in my
fury will show in my face for in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath I
jealousy and in the fire of my wrath I
jealousy and in the fire of my wrath I have spoken surely in that day there
have spoken surely in that day there
have spoken surely in that day there shall be a great earthquake in the land
shall be a great earthquake in the land
shall be a great earthquake in the land so that the fish of the sea the birds of
so that the fish of the sea the birds of
so that the fish of the sea the birds of the heavens the beasts of the field old
the heavens the beasts of the field old
the heavens the beasts of the field old creeping things that creep on the earth
creeping things that creep on the earth
creeping things that creep on the earth and all men who are on the face of the
and all men who are on the face of the
and all men who are on the face of the earth
earth
earth shall shake at my presence the mountain
shall shake at my presence the mountain
shall shake at my presence the mountain shall be thrown down the steep places
shall be thrown down the steep places
shall be thrown down the steep places shall fall and every wall shall fall to
shall fall and every wall shall fall to
shall fall and every wall shall fall to the ground I will call for a sword
the ground I will call for a sword
the ground I will call for a sword against God throughout all my mountains
against God throughout all my mountains
against God throughout all my mountains says the Lord God every man's sword will
says the Lord God every man's sword will
says the Lord God every man's sword will be against his brother and I will bring
be against his brother and I will bring
be against his brother and I will bring him to judgment with pestilence and
him to judgment with pestilence and
him to judgment with pestilence and bloodshed I will rain down on him on his
bloodshed I will rain down on him on his
bloodshed I will rain down on him on his troops and on the many peoples who are
troops and on the many peoples who are
troops and on the many peoples who are with him flooding rain great hailstones
with him flooding rain great hailstones
with him flooding rain great hailstones fire and brimstone thus I will magnify
fire and brimstone thus I will magnify
fire and brimstone thus I will magnify myself and sanctify myself and I will be
myself and sanctify myself and I will be
myself and sanctify myself and I will be known in the eyes of many nations then
known in the eyes of many nations then
known in the eyes of many nations then they shall know that I am the Lord